this episode is sponsored by hook relay
if you integrate your apps with third
parties like stripe github slack or
trello you'll want quality web hooks
that's more than just sending a json
payload to your customers url hook relay
is a service that makes sending and
receiving web hooks reliable secure and
transparent automatically you can watch
your traffic inspect each request and
much more it's like x-ray vision without
hook relay you have no idea of how many
requests you're processing of course if
your app or your integration partners
are being flaky you'll love the peace of
mind that comes with knowing that no
matter what happens hook relay will make
sure that your web hooks are delivered
go to hook relay.dev to get started and
get reliable web hooks for your app in
minutes not days
[Music]
in this episode we're going to have a
look at another chat application and
really we want to dive more into the
details around how can we secure this
down so that others cannot be listening
in on a stream to see messages that are
going on in the private chat channel and
to create this kind of functionality is
actually fairly simple with hotwire and
we'll also be looking at adding in some
stimulus controllers so when we type in
some text it'll automatically scroll us
to the bottom of this chat window as you
can see it is scrolling down and we want
to conditionally do this only if it's a
new message and also if someone has
scrolled up and a new message is sent we
wouldn't want to send a user who is
already reading a previous post all the
way down to the bottom just because a
new message was created now added the
code back in to prevent the scrolling so
if i were to scroll up and read a
previous post when we get the new
message it did not automatically scroll
us down and instead i can then scroll
down to see the new message and if i
send another one because i am down at
the bottom then the message will come in
and it'll automatically scroll down
we'll also be looking at the memberships
if i join a private group chat but
another user doesn't have access to join
this so even if they had the proper url
or something to join the chat it'll do
the proper authentication so that the
user cannot get into the chat room and
they won't subscribe to the channel
that's getting the message broadcasts
and did you know that you can go to
railstore.com
to get your own ruby on rails t-shirt or
your drift and ruby t-shirt to watch
this full episode and more videos visit
driftingruby.com and subscribe to the
pro membership